# PLLUG.Core Team Meeting [2017-05-03]

## Agenda

## FOSS Lviv 2017 Summary
 * Report from Mykola Baranov (Kuzya IDE Team) about integration of GDB into the Kuzya
 * Report about free\open community (Alex Chmykhalo, PLLUG.Core)
  * what about common patterns\practices?
 * Proposal from Mykola Marzhan: Tasks on Percona OSS Project
 * Interesting projects to investigate:
   * Савоченко Р. О. - OpenSCADA Report from Mykola Baranov (Kuzya IDE Team) about integration of GDB into the Kuzya
   * Петльований А.Т. - ROS 
   
## GitLab/Meetup Migration
 * Transition – during SummerCamp
 * Try using meetup for all further events
 * What about using most relevant SMM
 * Try to use Scrum process for most PLLUG activities 
 * GitLab transition
   * sync existing github projects
   * books – with Jekyll theme
   * host site – use Jekyll
   * private mode, workers, integrated board
   * gitter / slack integration 
   * Awesome company culture
   
## Proposals from partners
 * Vakoms proposal – practice for PLLUG students (P. Pelekh)
 * Indeema proposal – hardware for projects (V. Shevchyk)
 * Interaction with Applied Math. Faculty (N. Novosad) 
 
## Summer Camp Start and Roadmap Improvements
 * Jun 20 – approx start
 * location – Vakoms conf hall
 * keep people on projects after roadmap
 * prepare generalized roadmap plan for all branches
 * PLLUG projects registry
 
 # Responsible for current tasks
 
 * A. Chmykhalo
   * Communication with FOSS Lviv 2017 participants and investigation on possible projects
   * Communication with partners on current proposals
   * Start work on practice for PLLUG members on Vakoms
   * Help I. Lavriv with documenting Summer Camp workflow/practices
   * Work on new embedded/research space for PLLUG
 * I. Lavriv
   * Make T-Shirts for current SummerCamp (contact mini factory)
   * Responsible for GitLab migration project (SumerCamp)
   * I.Lavriv – documenting SummerCamp process\practices
   * Generalized Roadmap plan for all branches
 * Y.Pryyma
   * Back to PLLUG.Core
   * Will be responsible for community talks
   * Prepare nearest community talk
 * N. Novosad
   * Responsible for communication with applied math faculty
   * Next year: work on place to host Web branch on applied math faculty
   * Find what want to do on PLLUG
 * A. Slisarchuk
   * Responsible for PLLUG projects portfolio
   * Get status on all PLLUG projects, understand what we need to resume work on them

 
